JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight: A Boeing 737 crashes
in Ethiopia.
It's the second in under a year for this model
of jetliner, raising concerns over the safety
of the airplane.
Then: President Trump unveils his 2020 budget,
including an additional $8.6 billion for a
southern border wall.
We talk with Mr. Trump's top economic adviser.
Plus, we are on the ground at the U.S. southern
border with a report on the conditions that
migrants face and the strained resources of
Border Patrol.
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK, Yuma Sector Border Patrol:
We can't arrest our way out of the problem.
That's not going to solve the problem.
And this is not a Border Patrol solve.
This is -- this comes from legislation, updated
laws.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The ripple effects of an air
disaster on the African content have reached
around the globe tonight.
The Ethiopian Airlines crash on Sunday killed
all 157 people on board.
Now several countries and a dozens of airlines
have grounded their models of the Boeing 737
MAX 8.
Neil Connery of Independent Television News
reports from Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
NEIL CONNERY: Scattered across a field, the
sorry wreckage of a plane that was the pride
of its fleet and the heartbreaking reminders
of 157 people entrusted to its care.
There are clothes, pieces of the cabin's interior,
even a book marked with notes for a conference
that was never reached.
The emergency teams are digging down because
part of the fuselage is buried in the earth.
From the air, it's clear there is a huge crater,
possibly an indication that the plane came
down almost vertically and at great speed.
But why an aircraft just a few months old
should fail so catastrophically just minutes
after leaving Addis Ababa is a question the
aviation world needs answering.
What remains of flight ET-302 lies strewn
over a wide area.
Six minutes after taking off, the Boeing 737
MAX 8 aircraft fell from the skies above.
Investigators are now trying to piece together
exactly what happened.
The safety of this particular aircraft is
now under intense scrutiny.
Last October, a similar passenger plane operated
by Lion Air crashed off the coast of Indonesia.
Many of those on board yesterday's Ethiopian
Airlines flight had been U.N. officials, environmentalists,
and charity workers heading for a conference
in Kenya.
Today, at that conference, delegates observed
a minute's silence for their colleagues who
never arrived to join them.
Ethiopian Airlines' staff also held a vigil,
remembering their lost crew.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Investigators in Ethiopia did
find the plane's two black box recorders today.
And there are now many questions being asked
about the engineering of this plane and its
software.
Our Miles O'Brien, who watches the aviation
business, joins us from Boston.
Miles, hello.
So from what we know about this airplane and
what we know about not only this crash, but
the one of a very similar model, the same
model that occurred last October, what does
it point to in terms of possible causes?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, you have to be careful
connecting the dots this early, of course,
Judy.
But a modern airliner such as the 737 MAX
8 simply just doesn't fall from out of the
clear blue sky.
And you have had in a matter of months two
of these aircraft, practically brand-new,
doing just said almost in the exact same phase
of flight.
And so that raises all kinds of alarm bells.
But until those black boxes, that flight data
recorder and that cockpit voice recorder,
are analyzed, we can't say for certain.
In the meantime, though, there is what I would
say a prudent response in some cases to ground
these aircraft until it is known one way or
another if there's some endemic, fundamental
flaw in this aircraft design.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what is it about?
We know that Boeing changed the design to
a degree when they designed this MAX 8.
What was changed?
MILES O'BRIEN: The key was, they wanted to
make it longer-range and more fuel-efficient.
So it meant putting a bigger engine on it,
heavier and wider in diameter.
So, in order for it to fit under the wings
and still have ground clearance, they had
to move the engine up and forward.
What that did was, every time the aircraft
in particular was in full thrust scenario,
which would be the case on takeoff, it tended
to have -- make the nose point a little higher
a little faster than 737 pilots were used
to.
So, instead of redesigning the wing and increasing
the height of the landing gear, as you might
expect, what Boeing did was change the computer,
which is in between the flight controls and
the human and the controls themselves, and
put in some software which detected this nose
high attitude.
And the computer commands the aircraft to
go down if the pilot gets it too high.
If it goes too high, the plane will fall out
of the sky.
That was the intent.
But the theory that many are worried about
here is that somehow that software is either
overreacting or the sensors themselves gave
bad data to the computer.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And is there an issue potentially,
Miles, with regard to the training of pilots
to fly this aircraft?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, pilots were not fully
briefed on this system, didn't know exactly
what was going on in the computers.
And this is where you get into all kinds of
discussions about where the line is drawn
between human control and automation in all
kinds of complex systems.
So now they know.
And the FAA has issued an airworthiness directive
that came after the last crash, the Lion Air
crash in November, which mandates a look at
the computer software, a look at the sensors,
and some additional training so pilots can
understand how to disconnect this system.
Now, any pilot flying this aircraft would
have known about the Lion Air crash and known
how to disconnect this system.
The question is, in a situation where you're
nose down very quickly and going very fast
toward the ground at a relatively low altitude,
is there enough time?
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, as you pointed out, Miles,
the FAA is saying that these planes are airworthy.
And yet flight attendant associations, some
of them are saying their attendants are right
to ask questions, perhaps to say they won't
fly these airlines.
How significant is all that?
MILES O'BRIEN: I think it's reasonable to
ask these questions, as should passengers.
Now, the FAA just this afternoon issued something
I have never heard of before, a continued
airworthiness notification.
That is not an official legal document.
It's more on the order of a memo to the world
saying, here's what we did in November.
We introduced this airworthiness directive.
We gave the airlines until April to do this,
to fix this, figure out the problem and fix
it.
In the meantime, we're just going to wait
and watch.
I think all options remain on the table, but
they're watching very closely to see what
those flight data recorder and cockpit voice
recorders hold in store for them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, as you are saying, a
number of questions still very much top of
mind.
Miles O'Brien, thank you very much.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's other news: U.S.-backed
forces advanced slowly against the last pocket
of Islamic State territory in Eastern Syria.
Rocket fire and air assault continued into
the night on Baghouz.
Some 500 I.S. fighters are believed holed
up there, along with several thousand women
and children.
An Iranian court has reportedly issued a verdict
in the case of a detained American, Michael
White.
An Iranian news agency says a verdict has
been issued.
But there is no word on what it is, or even
what the charges are.
White is a U.S. Navy veteran arrested in Iran
last July.
In all, five Americans are being held there.
In Malaysia, a court released Siti Aisyah,
who had been accused of killing the half-brother
of North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un.
She flew home to Indonesia, and was reunited
with her parents after prosecutors dropped
the murder charge.
Her lawyer said they gave no reason.
GOOI SOON SENG, Attorney for Siti Aisyah:
Siti Aisyah has been discharged from the court
today.
And we are grateful that the public prosecutor
has in fact come to this conclusion, because
we still truly believe that she is merely
a scapegoat and she is innocent.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A second defendant remains
on trial, accused of using a nerve agent to
kill Kim Jong-nam in 2017.
The defense says the two women thought they
were part of a prank that was actually organized
by North Korean intelligence.
The longtime president of Algeria has announced
that he will not seek a fifth term in the
face of widespread protests.
Abdelaziz Bouteflika had initially said he
would run again.
That prompted widespread demonstrations in
recent weeks, as crowds demanded that he give
up power after 20 years in office.
Today's announcement delays the April election,
and calls for a special body to write a new
constitution.
Schools and businesses across Venezuela were
forced to close again today, as much of the
country remained blacked out.
A power station explosion in Caracas added
to the misery for people who have been living
without electrical power since Thursday.
MAILEN GONZALEZ, Caracas Resident (through
translator): Friday, Saturday and Sunday were
horrible.
I was going crazy with no water, no electricity.
For God's sake, how long are we going to continue
like this?
The government doesn't want to accept that
it's their fault, because they have to carry
out maintenance, and, for years, they have
not done this.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Washington, Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo rejected the Venezuelan
government's claims that the U.S. is behind
the blackout.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May travel
to Strasbourg, France, tonight in a bid to
salvage her Brexit plan.
She is hoping for concessions from the European
Union before the House of Commons votes on
a plan that it rejected once already.
The vote is tomorrow.
The scheduled date for Brexit is March the
29th.
Back in this country, Democrats announced
that Milwaukee will host their presidential
nominating convention next year.
The city won out over Houston and Miami.
Republicans have already picked Charlotte,
North Carolina, for their 2020 convention.
And on Wall Street, a tech rally pushed the
broader market higher.
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 177
points to close at 25650.
The Nasdaq rose 136 points, and the S&P 500
added 34.
Still to come on the "NewsHour": President
Trump's top economic adviser on the latest
White House budget; an on-the-ground report
from the U.S. southern border; we break down
the weekend's 2020 Democratic campaign activity;
a conversation with author Marlon James on
his new novel, "Black Leopard, Red Wolf";
and much more.
The White House today released President Trump's
budget for 2020.
The record $4.7 trillion plan calls for increased
military spending and large cuts to domestic
programs.
It also includes an additional $8.6 billion
for the president's controversial border wall.
We turn now to the president's chief economic
adviser, Larry Kudlow.
Larry Kudlow, welcome to the "NewsHour."
It's good to see you.
LARRY KUDLOW, Director, National Economic
Council: Thank you, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, the president is asking
Congress to approve the largest budget ever,
as we said, $4.7 trillion.
Doesn't achieve balance for another 15 or
so years.
Trillion-dollar deficits for the rest of his
term, and yet he ran promising to get rid
of the deficits.
He's going in the opposite direction.
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, I think, actually, if
you look at those numbers as a share of GDP,
which is the real burden, spending and borrowing
comes down every year, I guess deficits from
a peak of about 5 percent this year, and then
it will go down a steady glide path in the
out years.
And then I think the key points are very simple.
Number one, this is an economic growth budget.
We maintain our tax rate reduction, our rollback
of regulations and red tape, our opening of
energy and our trade reforms.
The growth in 2018 came in at 3.1 percent.
That was our view.
We think there's more 3 percenters out there.
That's probably the best way to get the budget
gap down.
And, of course, we have to limit spending.
And the president is going to be tough on
domestic programs, roughly about a 5 percent
reduction, at least for this year.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I want to ask you about
the spending cuts in just a minute.
But you mentioned growth, 3 percent, the administration's
projecting.
But, as you know, some very respected independent
folks, the Federal Reserve, is projecting
2 percent, but sliding downward.
The Congressional Budget Office is projecting
under 2 percent.
You have got the Center for a Responsible
Federal Budget, they are saying your growth
projections are unrealistic -- quote -- "based
on accounting gimmicks and fantasy assumptions."
LARRY KUDLOW: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, how do you prove them all
wrong?
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, we will just see.
The proof of that pudding will be in the eating.
Everybody disagreed with us in 2018, said
we couldn't get 3 percent economic growth
after the tax cuts were passed.
And we did.
And, again, the view here is, we are promoting
incentives in the economy.
We have had tremendous increases in business
investment.
We have also had 100 percent expensing for
new equipment.
That has spurred business investment.
There's money coming in offshore.
We're the hottest economy in the world.
The president's trade policies, I think, are
contributing to confidence.
We are on the verge of what I hope will be
a historic deal with China.
Perhaps we will talk about that.
In other words, people have doubted our supply-side
tax cuts.
So far, we won round one.
I'm going roll the dice again, and I'm going
to take the over and suggest that we will
be right again this year, and many of our
critics will not be.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, you are hanging a lot
of this on these tax cuts.
But we now have a number of experts who are
watching those tax receipt numbers that come
in regularly.
And they are saying that they do not add up
to what is anything like the kind of growth
that the administration had projected off
these tax cuts?
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, actually, overall revenues
are up about 10 percent.
So that's a pretty good number.
And let me say, one of the people that are
skeptical of us, the Congressional Budget
Office, nonetheless, their estimates before
taxes and most recently after the taxes, they
have argued, they have said, there's roughly
$7 trillion of higher nominal GDP.
And from that comes about $1.2 trillion in
extra revenues, so that the tax cuts are about
80 percent paid for overall.
That includes the individuals.
The corporate tax cuts are completely paid
for.
So we're already seeing the results here.
And, again, what matters, we have had record
blue-collar employment, raises arising from
the latest reports, 3.4 percent.
The unemployment rate is all the way down
to 3.8 percent, across the board, low unemployment.
Women -- I'm proud of this, actually.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me...
LARRY KUDLOW: We have made efforts -- 65-some-odd
percent of the new jobs created in the last
year have come from women.
So I think we're striking everywhere and we
are succeeding.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me ask you.
Obviously, there are other views, but let
me come to this -- the larger picture here
on spending cuts, increasing spending in defense,
cutting parts of the budget that are non-defense,
so-called discretionary, much of it domestic.
So, there's been a kind of a deal between
the two political parties for the last decade
or so in this very partisan era, that for
every dollar of spending in one direction
or another on defense, there would be an equal
movement in non-defense.
You have broken with that approach.
You have got here a 5 percent increase in
defense and a huge cut on the rest of the
budget.
How do you explain that?
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, I think it's a question
of priorities.
And I think we'd like to break this nexus
where everybody gets more spending.
On the military side, where we have added,
we think we have got to have the greatest
military in the world.
We have to have the best technology regarding
military.
We have commitments overseas that we have
to keep.
And so we're honoring all those commitments.
On the domestic side, I think spending has
been too rapid.
There are number of programs -- and I can't
go through every one of them, but there are
number of programs that we think are not efficient
and the country can do without.
Some cases...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me just be specific here.
You're cutting the Environmental Protection
31 percent.
You're cutting the Education budget by 10
percent.
You're cutting elements of Medicaid, elements
of welfare, raising work requirements.
The question coming out of this is, are the
American people going to be better off with
this budget?
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, look, food stamps have
come way down.
I mean, we have lost five million people on
food stamps.
That's a terrific thing.
Other poverty areas, homeless vets, for example,
that number has dropped by 5 percent.
We had added in our tax plan tremendous assistance
to low-income workers, child credits, earned
income tax credits.
I mean, we think that the essential safety
net is being preserved, and then some.
But I want to say growth solves a lot of problems.
So, more and more federal spending is not
a recipe for growth, will not help the people
that we -- some people think it will.
And so why should we continue to spend in
an unlimited way?
JUDY WOODRUFF: We're going to have another
conversation about growth the next time -- next
time we have you on.
But let me do finally ask you about the border
wall.
You're asking $8.6 billion.
You only asked for $1.6 billion last year,
when you had a Republican majority in the
Congress.
Even right -- right now, with this Congress,
Republicans are expressing doubts about that
much money.
Are you -- is the president looking for another
showdown with the Congress over this, I mean,
looking for another government shutdown potentially?
LARRY KUDLOW: The president is essentially
looking for border security.
And that includes building a wall.
And we have brought in all the experts from
inside the government, Customs, ICE, DHS and
so forth.
And that's what we decided we needed.
My view, it's absolutely essential that we
have this border security because we have
an economic crisis, a humanitarian crisis,
illegals flooding over the border.
This has to be stopped for the safety and
security of the United States.
So I think the president has made a very effective
case.
If there is going to be a battle with Congress,
then so be it, but the experts that we have
talked to believe that this is the exactly
the right number.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But so be it.
You're saying, if that's what comes, the president's
prepared for it?
LARRY KUDLOW: Well, I think you have to fight
for your principles.
And, again, I think border security on the
southern border is essential.
I think it's essential, frankly, to the longevity
of the country.
I think we're not going to have the prosperity
and the law and order as long as we leave
that problem unsolved.
I understand there are disagreements.
We would love to have a bipartisan agreement
on this as time goes on.
There's no question about that.
There are other areas of bipartisanship that
we may see.
But border security is essential, and I think
the president has made the case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And you know that it's the
subject of an enormous debate.
Larry Kudlow, thank you very much for being
here.
LARRY KUDLOW: Thank you, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Although crossings at the U.S.
southern border are at historic lows, the
number of families and unaccompanied minors
entering the U.S. has been increasing.
Amna Nawaz was granted access to Border Patrol's
Yuma Sector operations in Arizona.
This is the first of two reports, starting
with a view from the U.S. side of the border.
And a warning: Viewers may find some images
disturbing.
AMNA NAWAZ: Under the hot Arizona sun, with
few belongings and well-worn shoes, these
migrants have just crossed onto American soil
after the nearly-4,000-mile journey from Guatemala.
Some in the group allow us to shoot video.
Florencio says he and his 4-year-old son,
Walter, traveled for 30 days.
He's desperate for work and says there was
none back home.
He and the others surrendered to U.S. Border
Patrol agents.
The agents didn't allow us to record interviews
with the group.
But they invited us to spend a day seeing
what they do here in the Yuma Sector in Southwest
Arizona.
The groups they're encountering in recent
years have changed dramatically.
A decade ago, 90 percent of immigrants caught
crossing illegally were single adult men from
Mexico.
Today, nearly 90 percent are families and
unaccompanied children from Central America.
That change, they say, is stretching their
resources like never before.
At their headquarters, Border Patrol shows
us where families are first detained.
Inside the headquarters is what they call
a processing center, where families are held
for about three days.
And we're not allowed to shoot any picture,
but we can tell you what we saw.
It's basically a giant cement room.
And around the perimeter of the room are a
number of holding cells that are broken up
by population.
So you have mothers and daughters, fathers
and sons.
But the single most crowded room was for unaccompanied
males, just dozens and dozens of teenagers
lying like sardines in this one cement room.
What really strikes you about the room, though,
is how many children there are, toddlers running
around, infants in their mother's arms.
The one thing border officials will tell you
is everyone can agree this is no place for
families and children.
We could record video in what they call their
Costco, a room once filled with office supplies,
now packed with diapers, formula, and family
essentials, unpacked here by some of the 90
National Guard troops sent to backfill staffing.
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK, Yuma Sector Border Patrol:
This is what we call an enforcement zone,
so this is triple-layer fencing here.
AMNA NAWAZ: Yuma Sector Chief Anthony Porvaznik
says he's asked for more agents.
He already has funding from last year to update
25 miles of border fencing.
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: This will all be replaced.
AMNA NAWAZ: Into what?
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: It will be 30 feet bollard-style
fence.
AMNA NAWAZ: His resources, he says, haven't
changed since 2012, but the job has.
Porvaznik estimates 35 percent to 40 percent
of his current manpower goes to processing
and caring for the families and children in
custody.
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: We just had a lady last
week who delivered twins two months premature.
And they see -- they see sick kids in our
custody.
And last year alone, we took 550 kids to the
hospital here, over 1,700 total here just
in the Yuma area.
That's a huge strain on our resources, because
they're doing things that are not enforcement-related.
AMNA NAWAZ: But agents concede no barrier
is 100 percent effective.
They point us towards the surveillance videos
showing families climbing over sections of
wall.
The 14-year-old girl in this clip broke her
vertebrae from the fall.
Injuries, they say, are common and further
stretch their resources.
How far back does this date?
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: This dates back to about
1990.
AMNA NAWAZ: Chief Porvaznik believes updating
older wall will dissuade people from trying
to cross illegally.
When you see people who are willing to dig
under this and climb over barbed wire and
build makeshift ladders to climb over additional
fencing, do you think that that's enough to
deter people to try to breach it in some way?
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: The majority of the population,
yes.
AMNA NAWAZ: Yes?
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: It will deter the majority.
And what we're trying to do is impede and
deny entry into this area.
And so, 87 percent of the people that we apprehend
right now are family units and unaccompanied
children.
They won't go over a 30-foot bollard.
Is it going to push it somewhere else?
Likely, yes.
AMNA NAWAZ: Later in the day, Border Patrol
encountered a second group of Guatemalans
migrants.
This mother of two young children asked we
don't show their faces.
She's fleeing her abusive husband.
She and the rest of this group of 12 waited
across the Colorado River to get into the
U.S.
CARL LANDRUM, Yuma Sector Border Patrol: These
are things that we have to interact with here
on the ground.
AMNA NAWAZ: Deputy Chief Carl Landrum walked
us through the brush to show us where they
crossed.
The fact that people are willing to make a
crossing like this with little kids tells
you what people are willing to do to come
to the States.
CARL LANDRUM: It definitely -- it definitely
shows that people want to experience the American
dream.
And we would like for everybody that could
be a part of that legally to be a part of
it.
AMNA NAWAZ: But immigration attorney Laura
Belous of the Arizona-based Florence Project
says resources should go to immigration courts,
not physical barriers.
LAURA BELOUS, Attorney, Florence Project:
If you look at the history the border over
the last 20 years, increased walls within
cities then pushed people into deserts.
So, if there's walls and deserts, it is going
to push people into canyons and rivers, where
people are likely to have even more dangerous
crossing.
Smuggling will be even more expensive.
That then makes everyone along the border
less safe.
AMNA NAWAZ: Chief Porvaznik says, whatever
the solution, the current situation is unsustainable.
ANTHONY PORVAZNIK: Look, we can't arrest our
way out of the problem.
That's not going to solve the problem.
So we have to figure out -- and this is not
a Border Patrol solve.
This is -- this comes from legislation, updated
laws.
AMNA NAWAZ: As the policy debate in Washington
drags on, there's little relief in sight for
both those patrolling this border and those
seeking to cross it.
Officials say the vast majority of those crossing
are families seeking stability or safety,
though they also say background checks sometimes
reveal someone with a criminal history.
Judy, it's worth noting that criminal history
often means an immigration violation, not
necessarily a violent crime.
But Border Patrol officials' bigger concern
is who they're missing while they're busy
caring for these families and children.
So they say they want everyone to cross legally.
And that will be the focus of our piece tomorrow
evening.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we're very much looking
forward to that.
Thank you.
AMNA NAWAZ: Thanks, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Democratic presidential hopefuls
fanned out this weekend, courting voters from
Iowa to Austin.
John Yang has the story.
JOHN YANG: In Keene, New Hampshire, Vermont
Senator Bernie Sanders made the case for his
presidential candidacy.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (I-VT), Presidential Candidate:
I don't have to tell anyone in this room we're
living in an unprecedented moment in American
history.
And when you live in an unprecedented moment,
you need to have an unprecedented response,
which is what this campaign is about.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JOHN YANG: A self-proclaimed Democratic socialist,
Sanders' positions were labeled impractical
in the 2016 campaign.
Now he seems to be setting the standard his
Democratic competitors are measured against.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, a
progressive, on CBS News' "Face the Nation."
QUESTION: Do we describe you as a capitalist?
What's the best...
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN (D-MA), Presidential Candidate:
Yes.
QUESTION: ... way to describe you?
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN: I believe in markets, markets
that work.
QUESTION: So if you get labeled as a socialist?
SEN.
ELIZABETH WARREN: Well, it's just wrong.
JOHN YANG: And former Colorado Governor John
Hickenlooper, a moderate.
JOHN HICKENLOOPER (D), Presidential Candidate:
I'm happy to say I'm a capitalist, but I think
at a certain point the labels do nothing but
divide us.
JOHN YANG: A new Des Moines Register/CNN poll
finds 56 percent of likely Iowa Democratic
caucus-goers say they would be satisfied with
a nominee who wants the country to be more
socialist; 49 percent back Medicare-for-all;
36 percent support tuition-free college.
This weekend, some candidates shed the winter
coats of Iowa and New Hampshire for sunglasses
to appear at the South by Southwest conference
in Austin, Texas.
Thirty-seven-year-old South Bend, Indiana,
Mayor Pete Buttigieg took a swipe at Vice
President Mike Pence for his steadfast support
of President Trump.
PETE BUTTIGIEG (D), Mayor of South Bend, Indiana:
How would he allow himself to become the cheerleader
for the porn star presidency?
Is it that he stopped believing in Scripture
when he started believing in Donald Trump?
JOHN YANG: A Republican presidential long
shot, former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld,
also made the rounds in Austin.
He's exploring a primary challenge to the
president.
And that brings us to Politics Monday.
And with that, here's Stu Rothenberg, senior
editor of Inside Elections, and Susan Page,
USA Today's Washington bureau chief.
Susan, let me start with you.
Let me start with something that Speaker Pelosi
told "The Washington Post" magazine last week,
that they posted it today.
She was asked whether she supported impeaching
President Trump.
She said: "Impeachment is so divisive to the
country that unless there's something so compelling
and overwhelming and bipartisan, I don't think
we should go down that path, because it divides
the country, and he's just not worth it."
SUSAN PAGE, Washington Bureau Chief, USA Today:
This is consistent with what she's been saying
in the past, although it's a little blunter.
It goes a step further.
It's consistent with what Adam Schiff and
Jerry Nadler, two of the key Democratic committee
chairmen, have been saying.
But it is going to make a lot of Democrats
unhappy who believe that the right thing is
to move ahead with impeachment proceedings
against the president.
Nancy Pelosi, I think, is speaking from the
perspective of someone who lived through the
Bill Clinton impeachment, where the House
was able to convict.
The Senate was -- the House was able to impeach.
The Senate wasn't able to convict.
And the party that bore the burden of a backlash
was the party that impeached -- tried to impeach
the president.
So I think that is the perspective.
But there's -- the Democrats are going to
be divided on this issue.
JOHN YANG: And members of her caucus are going
to be unhappy.
STUART ROTHENBERG, Inside Elections: Right.
Right.
I agree, John.
I think, basically, what she is saying is,
do Democrats want to feel good or do they
want to win?
Many of the younger Democrats, insurgents,
anti-establishment Democrats, just can't resist
themselves.
They really want to take on the president
immediately, and impeachment is the way, the
most immediate way.
They just don't have any patience.
I think the speaker has history on her side,
and I think she's right
SUSAN PAGE: But it's not -- it's only a matter
of being impatient.
If you believe the president had done something
impeachable, you may feel that, even if we're
not going to succeed, we have an obligation
to impeach him.
And you could also make the point that, with
Richard Nixon's impeachment, you didn't start
out with a lot of Republicans in favor of
that.
It was as evidence built over time through
the impeachment hearings that there was Republican
and bipartisan support.
STU ROTHENBERG: Yes, but, Susan, you know
the Republicans in the Senate are not going
to go along with the conviction.
So, impeachment would make Democrats feel
good, but I don't think it would accomplish
anything.
JOHN YANG: Susan, this morning, The Washington
Post had a look inside the Trump reelection
campaign.
And it sounds like a lot of what he was doing
in 2016, big rallies, a lot of data mining,
and demonizing the opposition.
We heard in that tape piece what the Democrats
are talking about, Medicare for all, free
college tuition.
Are they in a way helping -- by talking this
debate about are you a socialist, are you
a capitalist, are they playing into that in
any way?
SUSAN PAGE: The Democrats are going to have
to figure out what kind of coalition they
think will defeat Donald Trump.
And they are not in agreement on that.
There are some Democrats, like Stacey Abrams,
who came pretty close to winning a race she
wasn't supposed to win for governor of Georgia,
who thinks you do that by persuading and energizing
your core supporters, you get young people
and minorities excited about your candidacy
and your bold proposals and you get them to
the polls.
But there are other Democrats who say, the
way we made big inroads in the midterms last
November was by swinging districts that are
purple, where you have to appeal to some voters
who are independent-minded or even vote Republican
sometimes.
I think this is one of the things this long
primary season is going to sort out.
What kind of Democrat can make the best case
that they can defeat Donald Trump?
Because if you -- I'll tell you one thing
Democrats are not divided on, and that is
their fervent desire to deny Donald Trump
a second term.
STU ROTHENBERG: I think that's a choice Democrats
don't have to make.
I think they need swing voters and they need
to turn out core voters, younger voters, 18
to 29, significant constituency that's entering
the electorate now that is really strongly
Democratic.
Non-whites, they need to get more of those
voters, but they still need to hold onto suburban
voters, those swing voters and college -- college
-- white women with a college degree.
So I think they -- I don't think they have
to choose one path or the other.
They need to do both.
JOHN YANG: This is a time when the Democrats,
a lot of the Democratic candidates are introducing
themselves to the country.
One of them, Kirsten Gillibrand, has had a
little -- or has hit a little bit of a bump.
She's -- one of her big issues has been dealing
with sexual assault and sexual harassment
in the military.
And now it turns out, it's being reported
by Politico, that a young woman on her staff,
unhappy with how her complaints about sexual
harassment and intimidation were handled,
quit.
What do you make of this, Susan?
SUSAN PAGE: We have had other Democratic candidates
have problems along the same lines.
Bernie Sanders has as well about his handling
during his first presidential campaign about
complaints of sexual harassment.
But I think this hurts Kirsten Gillibrand
more.
And that's because it's been her signature
issue.
And for her to have responded inadequately
to complaints of sexual harassment by a staffer,
and moving to fire the staffer who was accused
only when it was about to become public, I
think, makes her look hypocritical.
So I think it's an issue she's going to have
to address in a really forthright way if she's
going to get over it.
STU ROTHENBERG: I agree completely, but I
would add this.
You only have one chance to make a first impression.
And we know the senator.
You know the senator.
But most voters don't know the senator.
And this could be a stumble that she could
recover from easily.
Elizabeth Warren, I think, has recovered from
her Native American stumble, at least partially.
Or else this could sink Gillibrand';s campaign.
We will see.
JOHN YANG: We have also seen some new polling
out of Iowa.
We're talking about the Democrats have to
decide what they want.
It's interesting that the top two candidates
are Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders, who are
-- and they're the second choice for each
first choice.
You can't think of some -- two candidates
who are more different in a lot of ways on
policy issues.
SUSAN PAGE: Yes, but I would just say we're
almost a year away from the Iowa caucuses.
And so I don't take the lineup, the horse
race questions on the Iowa poll so seriously.
What struck me about that was the policy questions
and how liberal that the Democratic coalition
is.
In Iowa, there was majority support for the
Green New Deal, which I bet most people couldn't
define, for Medicare for all, which is a really
far-reaching health care proposal.
That surprised me.
And that indicated that maybe Stacey Abrams'
view of things, where you want to take bold
positions, that's certainly what looks like
it's going to resonate in Iowa.
STU ROTHENBERG: Yes.
I would say Democrats know two candidates,
Sanders and Biden.
If you pick Sanders, then Biden is your backup
choice.
If you pick Biden, it's Sanders.
JOHN YANG: Stuart Rothenberg, Susan Page,
thanks so much.
SUSAN PAGE: Thank you.
STU ROTHENBERG: Thanks, John.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: a new fantasy novel, the
first in a forthcoming trilogy set in a mythic
Africa.
Jeffrey Brown brings us the latest entry on
the "NewsHour" Bookshelf.
It's part of our Canvas, our regular arts
and culture series.
JEFFREY BROWN: In the writer Marlon James'
Brooklyn apartment, African masks he's collected
over the years, superhero toys.
So here, your love of comics.
MARLON JAMES, Author, "Black Leopard, Red
Wolf": Yes.
When I was growing up, I gobbled up so many
comics and graphic novels.
JEFFREY BROWN: And lots of books, including
the comics and fantasy stories he's long loved.
The Jamaican-born James is best known for
his literary fiction, including "A Brief History
of Seven Killings," winner of the prestigious
Man Booker Award.
Now comes "Black Leopard, Red Wolf," a tale
of magic, shape-shifting characters, bloody
battles and fantastic adventures, familiar
in some ways, but through a less familiar
lens
MARLON JAMES: It's almost like an African
"Arabian Nights," in that it's a story about
stories.
What happened?
This man is telling you what happened, and
he gets very digressive along the way, telling
you all other sorts of stories, other sorts
of folktales, because, if you read stuff like
"Arabian Nights," a story leads into a story
leads into a story leads into a story.
JEFFREY BROWN: I have seen you describe yourself
as a fantasy nerd.
What did that mean?
MARLON JAMES: It means I read everything.
Even my vocabulary of sci-fi cinema, I realized,
wasn't even cinema.
First time I saw "Return of the Jedi," I was
like, oh, my God, I have never seen this.
And I know everything about that film...
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
MARLON JAMES: ... because I have read the
books, I have read the movie tie-ins and I
read the comics.
So, even my cinematic language was books.
It was reading whatever I could get my hands
on.
And, usually, that's stuff like comics or,
again, "Dragonslayer," which, again, was a
movie tie-in.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
MARLON JAMES: A lot of the crucial books,
like "Lord of the Rings" and "Dune," I read
as an adult.
Whatever had words and I could get, I would
grab it and read it.
JEFFREY BROWN: What was it and what is it
about the fantasy genre that grabbed you and
made you want to write one?
MARLON JAMES: I never took kindly to the idea
that you outgrow the magical and the surreal
and the fairy tale.
And I still don't.
And I have always found it weird that you're
supposed to get the point where you mature
beyond Brothers Grimm.
I never did that.
I never...
JEFFREY BROWN: You're supposed to grow up,
right?
MARLON JAMES: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: Grow out of it?
MARLON JAMES: I never had that literary puberty.
And I don't want it either.
And I think, because of that, I have always
still -- I never let go of that, always wanting
that fantastical.
So, I mean, I will watch even bad fantasy
films.
I don't care.
Just give me a sword and some sorcery.
(LAUGHTER)
MARLON JAMES: I think, at some point, though,
I did start to react to people that may being
not included or erased.
JEFFREY BROWN: People like you?
MARLON JAMES: You know, black people, people
of color being erased from those narrative
-- or not even being in them in the first
place.
And there's a part of me that always wanted
-- always wished to see just one, somebody
like me in a story with dragons and elves
and so on.
There is a thrill, particularly when you are
young, to see somebody like yourself in a
story.
There is.
And it's something you notice when there's
the absence of it.
JEFFREY BROWN: The stories that went into
this book from African mythology, from history,
where did you find it all?
MARLON JAMES: Everywhere, including online.
Thank God for the Internet.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
(LAUGHTER)
MARLON JAMES: Old folktales.
I found recently translated epics, and historic
-- history books written now, and the recent
archaeological finds, sources.
And as a novelist who has written historical
novels before, that's something that's just
part of the work.
I mean, I will read the ship logs.
I will read the tax records.
I want to read the original information and
inform my own story.
JEFFREY BROWN: You're clearly playing with
language in many different ways.
So where does the language come from?
MARLON JAMES: It comes from everywhere.
A lot of it is being Jamaican.
The thing is, I'm not -- I'm not from the
continent.
I'm not from an African country.
And my literary sensibility is as much shaped
by Amos Tutuola as it is by Charles Dickens.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
MARLON JAMES: And I wasn't going to lose that.
That's who I am.
And that's how I write.
At the same time, I'm writing a novel that
is trying, at least attempting to put forward
a vision that is not European and is not influenced
by European values, not even by a European
counting system.
So the dilemma is, how do I use this language
I know, English -- that's what I write in,
that's what I speak -- but try to come up
with something that is very foreign?
It has to read -- if anything, the novel has
to read almost like an English translation
than English.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
MARLON JAMES: So, for example, some characters
speak only in the present tense, even when
they're talking about the past, which is also
very Jamaican.
All our verbs in Jamaican English stay present
tense, regardless of tense.
I thought that was just bad English.
(LAUGHTER)
MARLON JAMES: And fantasy does give me the
freedom, the kind of playground, to mess with
-- not mess with -- to play with all of that,
but also to be true to the structure of languages.
JEFFREY BROWN: Did you think much about who
this is intended for, who the audience is?
I mean, you have mostly had a literary following,
I think, right?
So, is this for the -- is this fantasy for
the literary lovers?
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: Or -- and what about fantasy
lovers?
Will they think it's too literary?
What...
MARLON JAMES: You know what?
I still think I write for everybody.
I put a lot of trust in the reader, which
is -- I will say, yes, there are parts where
you might feel you're out without a paddle.
Don't worry.
The current is coming.
So, I still think I write for everybody.
JEFFREY BROWN: You are giving the world a
trilogy, right?
You think people still have the attention
span to read it, stay with it?
MARLON JAMES: Well, my theory is that all
those kids who read "Harry Potter" are grown
up now, so they have already read 900-page
novels.
(LAUGHTER)
MARLON JAMES: So, it's an odyssey.
Of course it's episodic, but also something
that has a sort of a through-line.
And if nothing else, there are good battle
scenes.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, "Black Leopard,
Red Wolf."
Marlon James, thanks very much.
MARLON JAMES: Thank you for having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we will be back shortly
with look at how to thrive even in the face
of failure.
But, first, take a moment to hear from your
local PBS station.
It's a chance to offer your support, which
helps to keep programs like ours on the air.
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF:For those stations staying with
us, a look at people who are saving early,
living frugally and retiring young.Our economics
correspondent, Paul Solman, has this encore
report.
PAUL SOLMAN:Pete Adeney almost always leaves
his Longmont, Colorado, home on two wheels,
instead of four.
It's a lot cheaper.For seven years, Pete,
AKA Mr. Money Mustache, has been preaching
parsimony on his popular blog.
And he sure practices what he preaches.How
much do you spend a year?
PETE ADENEY:We don't budget, but it seems
to always end up around $25,000 to $27,000
per year for the family of three.
PAUL SOLMAN:Plus health insurance in the low
30s.Adeney and his followers, known as Mustachians,
are key players in the F.I.R.E., or FIRE,
movement, Financial Independence Retire Early.And
we do mean early.
Adeney and his wife left their engineering
jobs in 2005.
PETE ADENEY:So, we were 30 at the time.
PAUL SOLMAN:Mark and Sina Ebersole no longer
have to work either.And how old are you?
MARK EBERSOLE:Thirty-seven.
SINA EBERSOLE:Thirty-five.
PAUL SOLMAN:Michael and Ellen Robinson, both
38, stopped working full-time two years ago.
MICHAEL ROBINSON:I had this concept that saving
as much as we could as early as we could would
allow compound interest more time to do the
work.
PAUL SOLMAN:How do they all do it?
Adeney saved 50 to 75 percent of his income
over nine years as an engineer.
PETE ADENEY:We just did a little bit less
than most people of our income level, and
that was enough to save it.
The U.S. tradition is to spend pretty much
everything we earn.
We only have like a 3 percent savings rate.
You just don't do that, and you always have
a choice.
PAUL SOLMAN:How much did you wind up saving?
PETE ADENEY:Today, it would be about $1.1
million or a little bit less.
That was what we decided was enough to live
on forever.
PAUL SOLMAN:On his blog, Adeney espouses the
so-called 4 percent rule: If you salt away
and invest 25 times your annual spending,
you can then withdraw 4 percent of your savings
each year of retirement.
But isn't the market risky?
PETE ADENEY:Put the money in the broad economy
through index funds, where you own thousands
of companies, very conservative, and it's
going to fluctuate just because the stock
market fluctuates.
But if you're just taking a small amount each
year, you don't care at all about that.Like,
the stock market crashes, you're still taking
your little 4 percent.
Your  the stock market goes up, you're
still only taking 4 percent, so that averages
out over time.
PAUL SOLMAN:Don't spend money on things you
don't actually need, he says.
And don't drive so much.
PETE ADENEY:That's my biggest winning secret
to a wealthy life, is just get out of the
car a little bit.
Driving is way, way more expensive than what
most people think.
Most people think about gasoline as the cost
of driving.
Really, it's about five times higher than
that.
So pretend gas is $15 a gallon.
Then you're starting to get an estimate of
how expensive driving really is to you.
PAUL SOLMAN:Due to depreciation, maintenance,
insurance.Adeney saves so much because he's
also a do-it-yourselfer.
Take his house.
PETE ADENEY:The one that we live in now, I
built almost entirely from scratch.
PAUL SOLMAN:So you put in your own plumbing?
PETE ADENEY:Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN:You did your own flooring?
PETE ADENEY:Yes, that's part of a house.
PAUL SOLMAN:You did your own electricity?
PETE ADENEY:I would do my own heart surgery
if it was safe.(LAUGHTER)
PAUL SOLMAN:Last year, Adeney renovated a
dilapidated building on Longmont's main street
to create a co-working space for fellow Mustachians,
and added a tiny house conference room.
PETE ADENEY:It was just $3,000 in materials,
partially from Craigslist, and then we get
a dedicated office that's year-round, insulated.
PAUL SOLMAN:On top of the tiny house, nourishment
that costs even less.
PETE ADENEY:I'm not an apple expert, but I
just call these delicious free apples.
PAUL SOLMAN:Delicious free.(LAUGHTER)
PETE ADENEY:So, cheers.
PAUL SOLMAN:Cheers.
ELLEN ROBINSON:One of the ways we save money
is by only shopping at thrift stores.
PAUL SOLMAN:Adeney has acolytes aplenty; 38-year-old
retired teacher Ellen Robinson's trick?
Don't buy new anything.
ELLEN ROBINSON:This is from the Loft, and
you can buy that for closer to $8, instead
of buying it for $50.
PAUL SOLMAN:As for the furniture in the home
Ellen shares with husband Michael and their
two young children?
ELLEN ROBINSON:Pretty much all hand-me-downs.
The couch was a hand-me-down from my grandparents.
These pieces of furniture right here were
hand-me-downs from when the office that Michael
worked in had to downsize.
The lamp, a friend from my work gave that
to me.
PAUL SOLMAN:The coffee table?
ELLEN ROBINSON:This is something I bought
at a resale shop.
PAUL SOLMAN:By now, it will not surprise you
that the family car is also secondhand.
ELLEN ROBINSON:We bought this 2007 Prius used
for $8,000 about four years ago.
And it's pushing about 195,000 miles, but
it still works just fine for our family.
PAUL SOLMAN:One common feature of the fire
movement, credit cards used strategically.
ELLEN ROBINSON:So, we get 6 percent on groceries
if we use this card, so 6 percent back, 3
percent on gas, and 3 percent on department
stores.
PAUL SOLMAN:Michael, a former salesman who
still enjoys putting in one to two days a
week as a consultant, says the family could
spend less than the $44,500 they spent last
year.
MICHAEL ROBINSON:There's some cushion in our
budget.
We're not down to the bone right now, by any
means.
PAUL SOLMAN:Do you feel at all deprived?
ELLEN ROBINSON:No, I do not feel deprived.Do
you feel deprived?
MICHAEL ROBINSON:No, we don't.
ELLEN ROBINSON:I am not above the temptation.
If I walk into the mall, I am just as drawn
to all those things as anybody else.
But I just have a dialogue in my head about
the decision to very intentionally not buy
those things, and also just very intentionally
not going to the mall.
PAUL SOLMAN:Restaurant visits are rare.
Instead, the retired Robinsons spend their
ample free time cooking and eating at home
with their kids.But wait a second.
Aren't there many Americans who simply don't
earn enough to save anything, let alone the
amounts Pete Adeney promotes?
PETE ADENEY:I'm sure there are, but I also
would say that almost everybody can do better.
And the lower your income level, the greater
the benefit is of figuring out where your
money is going.
So the median income is $60,000 or whatever
in the U.S. for a household.And what's the
bestselling vehicle?
A $30,000-plus F-150 pickup truck.
That's the problem.
We all scale everything up just a bit more
than we can afford.
PAUL SOLMAN:But clearly not everyone can do
what Adeney has done.
Even in retirement, he has earned enough from
his blog that he doesn't need to stick to
his $25,000-a-year budget.
But he does, because, he argues, cutting consumption
isn't just about cost-saving.
PETE ADENEY:I would say it's immoral to drive
like a six-wheel diesel pickup truck, compared
to riding a bike or just picking the most
practical car for whatever your needs are.
PAUL SOLMAN:Immoral because it's polluting
the atmosphere?
PETE ADENEY:Yes, it's because of your effect
on other people and other living things.
So, like, you're going to consume a lot more
metal and a lot more fossil fuels just to
carry your tiny self around.
PAUL SOLMAN:Adeney does have followers who
can't afford to stash away at Mustachian levels.Michelle
Jackson turned out for a pop-up business school
held at Mr. Mustache's co-working space to
learn how to earn more, so she could save
more and retire early-ish.
MICHELLE JACKSON:There are many people who
would like to attain that, but maybe they
have to pay off debt first in order to get
to the point to invest and focus on those
kinds of things.
PAUL SOLMAN:How much do you owe right now?
MICHELLE JACKSON:The amount that I'm focused
on now, minus the students loans, is about
$11,000.
PAUL SOLMAN:And even for debt-free higher
earners like Mark and Sina Ebersole, becoming
financially independent began as a heavy lift.
SINA EBERSOLE:It was pretty hard at the beginning
for me, paring it down, and saving, saving,
saving, saving.
That was a very foreign concept for me.
PAUL SOLMAN:Did you like it?
SINA EBERSOLE:No.
It felt a little bit like, are we wasting
away our good years?
PAUL SOLMAN:Ten years later, the former dance
instructor is grateful that she and Mark,
an engineer, work only when they want to.
SINA EBERSOLE:We're working on opening a ballroom
dance hall.
MARK EBERSOLE:It's kind of like a dance  ballroom
dance studio, but more social-focused.
PAUL SOLMAN:Ellen Robinson relishes the reward
of scrimping that drives the FIRE men and
women seeking financial independence.
ELLEN ROBINSON:So, it's not necessarily about
not working, but it's the freedom that comes
with not having to work.
Right now, my kids are 4 and 2, and I'm home
with them all day everyday, and not worrying
about whether or not we can buy our groceries.
PAUL SOLMAN:As for Mr. Money Mustache himself,
PETE ADENEY:The goal is just to live a happy
existence and maybe leave the world better
than when you started.
So I have done small businesses like carpentry,
and a lot of dad work has been my biggest
occupation, a bit of writing, some music.So,
I still have, if I'm lucky, another 55 years
of retirement to go.
And I will let you know how that turns out.
PAUL SOLMAN:And for as long as I can, I will
be all ears.This is economics correspondent
Paul Solman at Mr. Money Mustache headquarters
in Longmont, Colorado.
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: New Coke, the Fire Phone, big
mistakes for Coca-Cola and Amazon, but their
CEOs and those of many other companies have
worked the concept of failure into their corporate
culture.
Letting employees fail is seen as one way
of finding the next big thing that works.
Novelist and professor Elizabeth McCracken
also sees the value, but in her Humble Opinion,
it's the darker side of failure that ends
up pushing you to success.
ELIZABETH MCCRACKEN, Author, "Bowlaway": Lately,
I have been thinking about failure.
For instance, it's a pet peeve of mine when
people say that an honor has humbled them.
It hasn't.
By what definition could that happen?
You might mean that you think you should remain
humble in the face of an honor.
And, sure, why not?
But it doesn't actually humble you.
Failure, on the other hand, tends to humble
people, which is right and also good, because
only when you fail can you stand up and assess
the damage and then, then get really furious,
and vow revenge.
I teach creative writing, and I always tell
my students that revenge is great motivation.
People who are afraid of failure tend to say,
I'm harder on myself than anyone else is.
This is never true.
Or else, my problem is that I'm a perfectionist,
to which I always say, oh, you don't like
failing in public, unlike the rest of us?
In order to succeed, you have to risk failing.
We all know that, but sometimes we forget
that failure is actually good for you.
Your immune system needs a bit of failure
in order to be inoculated against further
failure.
The antibodies that failure produces are not
pretty, but they are motivating, vengeance,
hubris.
My most successful students have already failed.
Maybe they didn't get into graduate school
the first time.
Maybe they were rejected by a bunch of agents.
Maybe they started a completely different
career because their parents didn't want them
to be writers.
And failure instilled in them a particular
feeling, not a commitment to their art or
sense of peace about their fate.
"I thought," one student of mine said just
before she sold her novel, "I will show them."
We often think that the best work comes from
a place of equilibrium and support, but the
thing is, equilibrium is pretty static, whereas
a well-nourished, very private sense of revenge
has enough heat and light to power a city,
never mind a novel.
It's almost heartwarming.
Sometimes, when you think, I will show them,
the them you end up showing is yourself.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Elizabeth McCracken.
And that's the "NewsHour" for tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right here tomorrow
evening.
For all of us at the "PBS NewsHour," thank
you, and we'll see you soon.